Deploy to AWS (price-less) (#49)
epam/med3web: README.md

* [Belyaev, S., Smirnov, P., Shubnikov, V., Smirnova, N. Adaptive algorithm for accelerating direct isosurface rendering on GPU](https://www.scopus.com/record/display.uri?eid=2-s2.0-85059228722&doi=10.11989%2fJEST.1674-862X.71013102&origin=inward&txGid=a917c3aa38d38f5b6e1b5add9aa3bb29)

## Demo app

> [Here](https://med3web.opensource.epam.com/) you can find a demo app.

Author: ```suggestion
[Here](https://epa.ms/mri) you can find a demo app.
```
